all right hi everyone welcome to this
week's J s core team sync Allan is out
today so I will be subbing in - dude
let's go ahead and kick things off if
you have an update you'd like to give an
update the crib pad is in the chat
please add your name to the attendees
list and feel free to add a note and
then we have a couple people new people
on the call so we'll leave time for you
guys at the end to say hi and what
you're working on we'll go ahead and
starts and I am at the top of the list
so I will go last week I got the initial
draft of identify push support in
jeaious Lapita P as well as draft PR for
the integration of that and to switch
push support won't get added in to
switch quite yet I'm gonna wait for Otto
nap to get finished first which I'll be
working on this week once we have Otto
NetSupport then will actually be able to
use identify position switch so work on
that also working on some stuff for ipfs
camp I'll continue to work on that this
this week and then meeting with some of
the ops team later today to go over some
of the Lib p2p infrastructure inventory
like all of the signaling servers and
start stuff like that so we can make
sure that deployment for that is good to
go does anybody have any questions for
me
all right Vasco is not here
he's helping support the jas gossip sub
work I think that initial work got
merged they're gonna be working on
integration with lit p2p and I think
finalizing some miscellaneous items
there he was at dare to day to tear an
email last week and this week I think
he's going to finish up the interface
connection new proposal for the
async/await endeavor and then more async
Raiders work if you have questions or
interested in anything bashful's working
on feel free to ping him in PR or IRC
next up Dirk
Aaron so this week I managed to get the
racks and racks local end points
released and then I was just doing some
work on the garbage collector lamenting
the locking so that's just about done I
just need to to write some tests and
then I think we're ready to go with
garbage collection
nice any questions for Dirk
right Adam
in there so the beer for the migration
tool for Jas is all already it's in my
own private repository so I'll need sort
of help how to migrate under I guess I
give as organization and future also
initial work for the integration of this
this migration tool to JSF BFS is
already I'm there so if you have time
and interested feel free to give me some
feedback on it please awesome
he crushed her Adam yeah what kind of
feedback would you like at this stage
Adam there are some like shortcomings or
not you're gonna like each case is that
I'm not sure how should be adult there
are in the PR so if I think there is
just name one or two so not that much
but if you have maybe some insight or
even for the code itself for some code
review oh ok thanks a lot for putting it
together
neither questions rattle alright and if
I think Helms all the rest of the day
but if you haven't already pinned him in
that repo that'd be good for him to look
at as well I've gotten ping him and I
will probably look at it as well cuz I
think I'm still leave me trainer of
IPF's repo so what's his that all right
next up Jim so last week I was a little
bit of a lot of things the probably the
biggest thing was ipfs camp Corsi we
came up with a pretty good plan and
prototype for the course content for
that one that's moving along the for the
ipfs and web browsers they're looking at
getting involved in the standardization
process for the web package spec web
packaging spec and I had a little bit of
a demo of built for that so I decided to
in hats that a little bit just just sort
of move the conversation forward and
it's it actually sort of works it's not
quite ready for the public yet but maybe
work on that a little bit this week
probably a bit more IP fest camp and I
have some more okrs related to collapse
collaboration support work so I'll talk
to our Connie about that this week
that's it for me
great any questions for Jim all right
Alex
No so I've been yeah I was a DJ in conch
last week I was super good fun and a lot
did a little talk on NPM on my PFS at
the conference it was well received and
I worked offline which was great because
there was no internet at the podium
plenty of internet in the crowd which
was sweetie yeah I've been working on
that
async/await port of unix invests the
importance water and then em FS they are
all done it's always Inc away all the
time
no metal strings well you can sort of
have some core strings in em FS still
because of how you end up passing like
give us back into em FS but like once
the public API was reflected riposte you
to notice go from there as well anyway
yeah looking phony asleep now so this
week I'm gonna add some internal tests
around the importer because something i
found is that a lot of the C IDs in the
importer test were actually not the same
as the ones generate if I go which was
interesting so they all worked
you can still export everything from
there in both languages they're just not
they just don't agree on what the
correct CID for a given dag is so I'm
going to add some intro tests around
that ones that because there's not a lot
of interrupts an internal file related
tests once I've done that I need so I'm
going to try and look at the performance
impact of these tests because obviously
that the import and export of nodes is a
pretty hot code part you want to make
sure that the
async/await stuff isn't negatively
impacting performance and then I'm going
to get back onto NPM on ipfs need to
upgrade to the almost latest most of the
latest chair so PFS and then for
hopefully going to furnish me with some
credentials that means I can deploy the
whole thing on a container so that's
probably easy - which will make a lot
more scalable because at the moment it's
just a a docker like a docker images
running on one machine so that's going
to be great that'll be me anyone got any
question
all right
next Walker hi so the past week was the
IPL DT week in Berlin and also that was
also at the DTN conf and if you're
interested in what like what saw the new
in the IPL the team most of the stuff
will happen in the specs repository so
just watch this and then yeah we'll get
all the updates and see what's going on
it's could be mostly focused on schemas
I'm not blocked and next week I will
work on the sleeping a bit bjs I prolly
take AP Dec protocol buffers thing a bit
up goal is to cause more headaches for
Alex so again like some it's but if it
is in agreement with him to make the IPA
smaller which probably been leads to
more breaking changes but they should be
minimal and once for all
hopefully and I will also a bit on the
multi-format stuff because there are
still a few inconsistencies from like
ages ago and just yeah make sure
everything is consistent and easy to
understand yeah that's all I have any
questions for Folker
alright ok we have a couple new faces do
you guys want to introduce yourself
hi pravakar I'm from India so I'm in
this career exploration program from
pesto tech the next four weeks I'll be
working completely full time in ipfs at
least and I'll probably continue working
on it after that so I will start with
help first and basic issues then I'll
continue it now more advanced issues
later on after couple of weeks
awesome yeah great test greats happier
thank you hi I'm Sarah and pravakar and
I are from the same career accelerator
program so I'll be looking forward to
make my first open source contribution
in the coming weeks so really excited
about it
yeah super excited have you guys um
alright there are no other updates from
anybody we will jump into crossing
updates Lydell I joined this called just
in time so just a PSA that WebRTC
working group at the w3c is looking for
you to peer and DHT related use cases
for the next version of web RTC spec and
there is also a related origin trial of
web RTC over quick which I believe folks
from the p2p might be interested in so I
thought I'd mentioned during this call
and on the cross team updates front we
have a peer open to our the multi new
multi codec to represent the p2p of the
keys and like the main use for that will
be representing pure IDs in CID b1 and
that will unlock use in subdomains
that would be like the first practical
use of that but it will unlock much more
when we are no longer bound to base 58
and that's an update from me I have a
question for the we have the loop EDP
call team sync laters a day is there
something we can help get beside I
looked through the DHT p2p use cases and
it looked like they were asking for
potentially from somebody from PL to
help out or join a call is that
something that I can help round up
somebody for yeah ideally if we could
get someone from a lippy to P familiar
with the matter and our needs to make a
good case like what's missing in current
spec or what could be unlocked if we had
better handling of people to specs that
would be tremendously helpful yeah okay
yeah I will bring that up on the team
scene call see if we can can get you
somebody all right does anybody have any
questions for Lytle
right that is it for the updates does
anybody have any questions or anything
they want to talk about
Derk
you know I actually just want to ask you
if you could talk a little bit about the
relationship between other Nets and
identity yeah so ultimately what auto
net the goal bought ona is it's a
protocol that right now go already
supports so we want to add it to JSON
p2p and ultimately what that's doing is
its communicating to try to determine
are we on an app if we have any public
IP addresses what that is and then once
that finishes we potentially will have
new addresses that we know about cuz
like we determined our new NAT address
that we didn't know at startup time and
so ultimately what we'll do is we'll
take that new IP address that we have
determined is like pretty likely to be a
valid new address and then we use the
new identify push protocol which again
go already supports and what that'll do
is we'll send it to all of our connected
peers our new addresses so we just send
that subset of things out that's
basically it okay that make sense so
you've already got so there's already
other peers that know about you and they
just sort of updating your address yeah
so everybody that's connected to you
because when you initially connect them
right you'll have that that basic list a
lot of times it's like all local
addresses if you're running a note on
your computer and if we happen to
determine that okay you actually have a
public address then you can forward that
to those peers and then they can try to
reconnect you sometimes they might be
over like a relay that they're actually
connected to you on exams and so I order
net and does that work using other peers
or is it like some centralized servers
it's for other peers so ultimately the
goal is that all you'd have all peers
that know the alternate protocol so
whenever they connect to appear they can
just communicate help each other figure
out what those IP addresses are more
ports or anything else and then then
push that out so it's not centralized at
all well it was really cool
and there's not currently a spec written
for it but I will be writing up a spec
for that as part of running through all
the go code and figure out what they are
doing so any other questions or comments
I believe there is actually no aspect in
second always there that was quick
there wasn't like last week when I
looked at checkout
all right if that is it last call all
right we are done things everybody for
coming and we will see you next week on
J sync bye